what planet has scientists puzzled
what's the most twisted tongue twister
can we be heading to the moon again and
practicing safe surfing coming up today
on science
hello and welcome to on science I'm
emerald Robinson sometimes science dumps
even the smartest scientists like this
scenario astronomers have found a giant
exoplanet orbiting its star at 650 times
the average earth-sun distance but this
planet called HD 10 6906 has scientists
scratching their heads commonly-held
theories of planets formation suggests
that planets close to their stars form
from small asteroid like bodies born in
the primordial disk of dust and gas that
surrounds a forming star and this
process happens too slowly to grow giant
planets far from their star scientists
are looking to other theories to explain
the cigna but so far no luck they say
this find it is exciting because it
brings up intriguing questions about the
planets formation history and
Composition interesting pad kid poured
Kurt pack kid poured curd pulled cold ha
okay now your turn go ahead not easy
right that's the phrase psychologist at
MIT stay will trip you of the most
researchers didn't have volunteered to
do the phrase just to get a good laugh
although I mean it's pretty funny but to
gain valuable insights into the brains
of speech planning process the speech
errors that result from tongue twisters
can help them understand normal brain
functions so if you say the packet
braised ten times fast you want a prize
okay know what is that thought in the
2011 Fukushima earthquake and tsunami
according to the International Japan
trench drilling project which involves
scientists from 10 different countries
the largest fault slip ever recorded was
responsible for the devastating
Fukushima earthquake and tsunami the 9.0
magnitude event was caused by a hundred
and sixty-four feet slip in the Japan
trench researchers had to drill through
eight hundred meters of sea floor at
seven thousand meters below the sea to
collect their data they relied on
temperature change information to
determine the cause of the earthquake
and the u.s. is headed to the moon once
again it's been a while since our last
visit well 40 years to be exact a
commercial company moon Express is
planning a 2015 a soft landing on the
lunar surface the company unveiled is MX
1 spacecraft at the Autodesk universe
to show in Las Vegas this week hello
Marvin first lunar soft landing since
the Apollo program but it won't be
carrying astronauts the odd-looking
capsule can deliver cargo of up to 130
pounds to the moon and will return at
some of the coveted lunar dirt back to
earth moon Express has more in mind than
just the name of during a landing the
company plans to mine the moon for its
precious platinum titanium and other
rare elements and this is pretty cool
moon Express CEO said mx1 is so small
that two people could put their arm down
okay wrap your head around this internet
security firm trustwave revealed a two
million password heist in a blog series
called look what I found the passwords
were swiped from social media sites
email accounts and even a pay service
using the malicious pony botnet
controller soul and passwords from
social media can be annoy though from a
pay service can have financial
repercussions très wave came across a
two million passwords in an online post
they notified facebook and other sites
and services before posting their blog
and they recommend protecting yourself
like by activating login approvals and
login notifications in your Facebook
settings so practice safe password
settings citizen scientist and that's
what's going on today on science I need
to go change my settings
for thousands of how to and advice
videos on any topic visit monkey-see
calm